when we have a body an object that isn't
streamlined
so generally we get a wake off the back
of the object
which is unstable and we want to see how
we can
change the characteristics of that wake
if you were sat
downstream of the object if there was a
normal weight you'd see
some oscillation in the flow that it
would be unsteady which if you could
reduce that
if you were downstream you wouldn't
necessarily in the extreme case know
that the object was there
or you might assume that the object was
smaller because the oscillations were
less
so there's applications towards like
cloaking objects
but equally if we can enhance the
unsteadiness in the wake
we can create energy harvesting devices
in our work we attach a flexible tail to
the rear side of the object
there's materials that you can make that
when they oscillate generate an electric
current so then you can extract that so
you're going from
a steady flow into an oscillating field
and you can start to generate
electricity
and if you could put an array of these
at the bottom of the ocean where you've
got
relatively steady flow you could extract
energy out there which
is obviously good for renewable energy
sources
you